README.md, before:

# Thio's Browser-Based Tools
Various utilities and tools that run locally right in your browser

### How to Download
<p align="center"><img width="500" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a2f8c398-664d-4b89-81e8-d5ffc9e8d472" /></p>


## [Unicode Inspector](Tools/Unicode%20Inspector/Unicode%20Inspector.html)
Paste in text and it will tell you info about the individual characters
<p align="center">
<img width="885" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/53eb55a9-7ca0-4941-9b47-8a27d23b4be2" />
</p>

## [Tools For GitHub](Tools/GitHub%20Tools)

### [Repo Explorer](Tools/GitHub%20Tools/Repo%20Explorer.html)
Fetch all the repositories for a particular user/organization, with the ability to sort and filter them
<p align="center"><img width="756" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eb9c481b-f3f8-4e8c-bc28-daa58c02260d" /></p>

### [Associated Organization Research Tool](Tools/GitHub%20Tools/Associated%20Organization%20Research%20Tool.html)
A tool to more easily find and verify authenticity of GitHub accounts owned by large companies who don't list all their official accounts anywhere.
<p align="center"><img width="799" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/69226a1a-7d6a-40bb-bec5-46cc7afeb918" /></p>

Commit message:

Update README.md - Add links to github pages online versions

README.md, after:

# Thio's Browser-Based Tools
Various utilities and tools that run locally right in your browser.

### How to Download
<p align="center"><img width="500" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a2f8c398-664d-4b89-81e8-d5ffc9e8d472" /></p>

### Or use and bookmark the tools online
Access the tools online via the links on this page: [ThioJoe.GitHub.io/Browser-Based-Tools](https://thiojoe.github.io/Browser-Based-Tools/)

-------------


## [Unicode Inspector](Tools/Unicode%20Inspector/Unicode%20Inspector.html)
Paste in text and it will tell you info about the individual characters
<p align="center">
<img width="885" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/53eb55a9-7ca0-4941-9b47-8a27d23b4be2" />
</p>

## [Tools For GitHub](Tools/GitHub%20Tools)

### [Repo Explorer](Tools/GitHub%20Tools/Repo%20Explorer.html)
Fetch all the repositories for a particular user/organization, with the ability to sort and filter them
<p align="center"><img width="756" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eb9c481b-f3f8-4e8c-bc28-daa58c02260d" /></p>

### [Associated Organization Research Tool](Tools/GitHub%20Tools/Associated%20Organization%20Research%20Tool.html)
A tool to more easily find and verify authenticity of GitHub accounts owned by large companies who don't list all their official accounts anywhere.
<p align="center"><img width="799" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/69226a1a-7d6a-40bb-bec5-46cc7afeb918" /></p>
